Anish Chadalawada is an experienced sales focused Director with over 12 years experience in selling, marketing, implementing and supporting network and Telecommunication technologies.
Anish prides himself with building great teams, knowing the right team will ultimately make the company successful. With Anish's broad background in sales and marketing, operations, technology management, design and development he is able to bring teams together and lead successfully, establishing a solid foundation for future growth.

Anish joined CloudCollab in April 2017 where he initially led the EMEA region growing revenues 50% and establishing key relationships selling into multiple vertical markets, on which further success will be scaled.

Prior to this, Anish ran the AMER and region for Nichepro Technologies (acquired by TeamLease in 2016) successfully growing the business in the region from zero revenue in 2012 to being the top performing region for the company on acquisition.

Prior to Nichepro, in 2007 Anish started, grew, and sold a technology background and had worked with Motorola and Cisco Systems.

Anish holds a bachelor's degree in Electronics Instrumentation Engineering from the Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University.




Cloud Collab Technologies Pvt. Ltd. is one of the leading outsourced product development companies in India that focuses on providing quality and timely solution to clients within the budget. We believe in long term relationship and help the client to fulfill their product vision into reality.
We have experience developing various kinds of products like on-line video job portal, assessment portal, application tracking system, intelligent data extraction, mobile application for posting small gigs, health care mobile application for doctors and hospitals, virtual classroom solution that include both hardware and software, cutting edge point of sales solution and many more.





Specialties
Outsourced Product Development , NFV/SDN, Unified Communication , IP Networking, WEB and Mobile App Development , Cloud Solutions , Big Data Analysis , Internet of Things , and Scalability Consulting